404.help	We can\'t find the page you\'re looking for. The page may have been moved or deleted. You can use the \"Back\" button below to get back to the home page.
404.link.home-page	Take me to the home page
404.page-not-found	page not found
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.description	This list of bitstream formats provides information about known formats and their support level.
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.no-items	No bitstream formats to show.
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.table.internal	internal
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.table.mimetype	MIME Type
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.table.name	Name
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.table.supportLevel.0	Unknown
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.table.supportLevel.1	Known
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.table.supportLevel.2	Support
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.formats.table.supportLevel.head	Support Level
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.head	Bitstream Format Registry
admin.registries.bitstream-formats.title	DSpace Angular :: Bitstream Format Registry
admin.registries.metadata.description	The metadata registry maintains a list of all metadata fields available in the repository. These fields may be divided amongst multiple schemas. However, DSpace requires the qualified Dublin Core schema.
admin.registries.metadata.head	Metadata Registry
admin.registries.metadata.schemas.no-items	No metadata schemas to show.
admin.registries.metadata.schemas.table.id	ID
admin.registries.metadata.schemas.table.name	Name
admin.registries.metadata.schemas.table.namespace	Namespace
admin.registries.metadata.title	DSpace Angular :: Metadata Registry
admin.registries.schema.description	This is the metadata schema for \"{{namespace}}\".
admin.registries.schema.fields.head	Schema metadata fields
admin.registries.schema.fields.no-items	No metadata fields to show.
admin.registries.schema.fields.table.field	Field
admin.registries.schema.fields.table.scopenote	Scope Note
admin.registries.schema.head	Metadata Schema
admin.registries.schema.title	DSpace Angular :: Metadata Schema Registry
auth.errors.invalid-user	Invalid email address or password.
auth.messages.expired	Your session has expired. Please log in again.
browse.title	Browsing {{ collection }} by {{ field }} {{ value }}
collection.page.browse.recent.head	Recent Submissions
collection.page.license	License
collection.page.news	News
community.page.license	License
community.page.news	News
community.sub-collection-list.head	Collections of this Community
error.browse-by	Error fetching items
error.collection	Error fetching collection
error.community	Error fetching community
error.default	Error
error.item	Error fetching item
error.objects	Error fetching objects
error.recent-submissions	Error fetching recent submissions
error.search-results	Error fetching search results
error.sub-collections	Error fetching sub-collections
error.top-level-communities	Error fetching top-level communities
error.validation.license.notgranted	You must grant this license to complete your submission. If you are unable to grant this license at this time you may save your work and return later or remove the submission.
error.validation.pattern	This input is restricted by the current pattern: {{ pattern }}.
#: footer.component.html:5
footer.copyright	copyright © 2002-{{ year }}
#: footer.component.html:4
footer.link.dspace	DSpace software
#: footer.component.html:6
footer.link.duraspace	DuraSpace
form.cancel	Cancel
form.first-name	First name
form.group-collapse	Collapse
form.group-collapse-help	Click here to collapse
form.group-expand	Expand
form.group-expand-help	Click here to expand and add more elements
form.last-name	Last name
form.loading	Loading...
form.no-results	No results found
form.no-value	No value entered
form.remove	Remove
form.search	Search
form.submit	Submit
home.description	
home.title	DSpace Angular :: Home
home.top-level-communities.head	Communities in DSpace
home.top-level-communities.help	Select a community to browse its collections.
item.page.abstract	Abstract
item.page.author	Author
item.page.collections	Collections
item.page.date	Date
item.page.files	Files
item.page.filesection.description	Description:
item.page.filesection.download	Download
item.page.filesection.format	Format:
item.page.filesection.name	Name:
item.page.filesection.size	Size:
item.page.link.full	Full item page
item.page.link.simple	Simple item page
item.page.uri	URI
loading.browse-by	Loading items...
loading.collection	Loading collection...
loading.community	Loading community...
loading.default	Loading...
loading.item	Loading item...
loading.objects	Loading...
loading.recent-submissions	Loading recent submissions...
loading.search-results	Loading search results...
loading.sub-collections	Loading sub-collections...
loading.top-level-communities	Loading top-level communities...
login.form.email	Email address
login.form.forgot-password	Have you forgotten your password?
login.form.header	Please log in to DSpace
login.form.new-user	New user? Click here to register.
login.form.password	Password
login.form.submit	Log in
login.title	Login
logout.form.header	Log out from DSpace
logout.form.submit	Log out
logout.title	Logout
nav.home	Home
nav.login	Log In
nav.logout	Log Out
pagination.results-per-page	Results Per Page
pagination.showing.detail	{{ range }} of {{ total }}
pagination.showing.label	Now showing items 
pagination.sort-direction	Sort Options
search.description	
search.filters.applied.f.author	Author
search.filters.applied.f.dateIssued.max	End date
search.filters.applied.f.dateIssued.min	Start date
search.filters.applied.f.has_content_in_original_bundle	Has files
search.filters.applied.f.subject	Subject
search.filters.filter.author.head	Author
search.filters.filter.author.placeholder	Author name
search.filters.filter.dateIssued.head	Date
search.filters.filter.dateIssued.max.placeholder	Minimum Date
search.filters.filter.dateIssued.min.placeholder	Maximum Date
search.filters.filter.has_content_in_original_bundle.head	Has files
search.filters.filter.scope.head	Scope
search.filters.filter.scope.placeholder	Scope filter
search.filters.filter.show-less	Collapse
search.filters.filter.show-more	Show more
search.filters.filter.subject.head	Subject
search.filters.filter.subject.placeholder	Subject
search.filters.head	Filters
search.filters.reset	Reset filters
search.form.search	Search
search.form.search_dspace	Search DSpace
search.results.head	Search Results
search.results.no-results-link	quotes around it
search.results.no-results	Your search returned no results. Having trouble finding what you\'re looking for? Try putting
search.sidebar.close	Back to results
search.sidebar.filters.title	Filters
search.sidebar.open	Search Tools
search.sidebar.results	results
search.sidebar.settings.rpp	Results per page
search.sidebar.settings.sort-by	Sort By
search.sidebar.settings.title	Settings
search.title	DSpace Angular :: Search
search.view-switch.show-grid	Show as grid
search.view-switch.show-list	Show as list
sorting.dc.title.ASC	Title Ascending
sorting.dc.title.DESC	Title Descending
sorting.score.DESC	Relevance